Add related collection link to data model settings (#18346)
directus/directus: .changeset/six-emus-joke.md

---
'@directus/app': patch
---

> Add crosslink to data model settings for relational fields

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added a shortcut link in settings for relational fields in the data model
```
